this is an example of how you can
transfer files in ipfs I've basically
then a bit of a revamp to the UI and
I've supercharged it with pub/sub
this is an open pool request is still a
work in progress
but you can see that the readme is
already is already updated and if you
want you can come in JSI PFS to the this
branch Docs revamp exchange files and
you can see the readme so what this does
is you can come you have to start the
app of course the example you basically
can't come to a workspace for example
this one hack week and you have here the
interface you can see T initial izing a
node the node is now ready
you have our node ID and our address
this is the list of the connected peers
there's a lot if you want to connect to
a specific peer you just put his multi
address here and connect and here you
have the our files
this is interchangeably with the go ipfs
notes so you can spawn a go daemon add a
file there just copy/paste the ash here
fetch and we - it will be headed to here
so but the cool thing is we can just
sorry first we will open a new tab will
come to this workspace - initializing
the node node is ready we can just drag
and drop a file here you can see it's
been added to our list and with pub/sub
it's been downloaded and in synchronized
here - so you can just download here the
file or here whatever basically we can
transfer files between two completely
separate for this I'm using the same
parts and the same browser but you can
switch between ports and stuff and
pub/sub will automatically sync the
files
just one thing missing that it's not
implemented yet I've been working on
that but I've been struggling a bit you
you should be able to just open a new
tab now these two are synchronized you
should be able to open a new tab and get
the files that are already in this
workspace I'm struggling a bit with that
but that's that yeah it's basically
[Applause]